README.md, before:

XS.pretty
=========

[![Issues](http://img.shields.io/github/issues/macmade/XS.pretty.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/macmade/XS.pretty/issues)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ohl-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)
[![Contact](https://img.shields.io/badge/contact-@macmade-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://twitter.com/macmade)  
[![Donate-Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-patreon-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://patreon.com/macmade)
[![Donate-Gratipay](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-gratipay-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://www.gratipay.com/macmade)
[![Donate-Paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://paypal.me/xslabs)

About
-----

KiCad footprint library for XS-Labs projects.


License
-------

All project files are released under the terms of the CERN Open Hardware License - CERN OHL v.1.2.

Repository Infos
----------------

    Owner:			Jean-David Gadina - XS-Labs
    Web:			www.xs-labs.com
    Blog:			www.noxeos.com
    Twitter:		@macmade
    GitHub:			github.com/macmade
    LinkedIn:		ch.linkedin.com/in/macmade/
    StackOverflow:	stackoverflow.com/users/182676/macmade

Commit message:

chore: Marking project as obsolete

README.md, after:

XS.pretty
=========

[![Issues](http://img.shields.io/github/issues/macmade/XS.pretty.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/macmade/XS.pretty/issues)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-obsolete-red.svg?logo=git)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ohl-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)
[![Contact](https://img.shields.io/badge/follow-@macmade-blue.svg?logo=twitter&style=social)](https://twitter.com/macmade)
[![Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor-macmade-pink.svg?logo=github-sponsors&style=social)](https://github.com/sponsors/macmade)

About
-----

KiCad footprint library for XS-Labs projects.

### Status

This project is now obsolete.  
It has been replaced by the [XS-Labs KiCad Library](https://github.com/macmade/XS-KiCad-Library).


License
-------

All project files are released under the terms of the CERN Open Hardware License - CERN OHL v.1.2.

Repository Infos
----------------

    Owner:			Jean-David Gadina - XS-Labs
    Web:			www.xs-labs.com
    Blog:			www.noxeos.com
    Twitter:		@macmade
    GitHub:			github.com/macmade
    LinkedIn:		ch.linkedin.com/in/macmade/
    StackOverflow:	stackoverflow.com/users/182676/macmade
